2020考研英语作文万能模板
    解决问题类(1)
　In the picture, we are amazed to find that . It clearly tells us that in the domain of , there are .
　has long been a problem since , and are turning to be an increasingly severe problem because of . Besides, there are more reasons responsible for this issue. Firstly, . Secondly, . Thirdly, .
　Judging from the analysis above, we may safely come to the conclusion that the daunting problem demands effective counter-measures. Most importantly, the government needs to implement sufficiently relevant laws and regulations in order to enhance the strength of . In addition, all residents should be aware of .

    解决问题类(2)
　As is shown in the cartoon, . Take in the cartoon for example .
　This phenomenon appears commonly in our daily life. Nowadays, . Instead, they only try their best to Such deeds not only , but also .
　Therefore, it is of great significance to take actions to change this phenomenon. First and foremost, . In addition, . All these steps can help guarantee a solid economic order and a harmonious society.

    解决问题类(3)
　The picture depicts a scene in which . The scene is presented in an artistic and ironic manner. Crowds of people are crammed in . Further examination reveals that .
　Apparently, the picture symbolizes that humans, with such a huge population, may one day suffer from the exhaustion of earth resources. Take for example. Given the fact that , we find that . To make it worse, .
　If the conflict between population boom and shortage of resources is not properly controlled, we have every reason to hold a pessimistic perspective towards human’s future on Earth. Perhaps eventually we would face the situation suggested by the picture, that is, . Accordingly, I strongly recommend that the whole globe launch aggressive programs to address this fatal contradiction.

    论证观点类(1)
　As is shown in the picture above, . Obviously from we can surmise that .
　It goes without saying that the primary purpose of the picture lies in eulogizing the practice of . As a matter of fact, it is not rare to find in our everyday life deeds of similar nature. For instance, . Additionally, we can also hear many stories about . Not to mention those moving cases of .
　All in all, I firmly believe that a harmonious society is based on a . By , people not only harvest , but also gain that can never be purchased via money.

    论证观点类(2)
　just as is depicted in the picture. It is not difficult to find that in today’s society, more and more people begin to . It is rather good news to .
　The picture reminds us that in China, due to , . Moreover, there are . In addition, we should not forget .
　is a good way to express human love. To some extent, it also reflects individuals’ sense of social responsibility. It is also a feeling from deep heart that is beyond words and is difficult to obtain no matter how rich one is. Therefore, I strongly advocate that . I am sure our society will hence be more beautiful because of .

    论证观点类(3)
　As the old Chinese saying goes, . It echoes with this picture in which . The title of the picture further points out that .
　The picture is meant to . As far as I am concerned, I think . This universal truth can be particularly proved in the field of , where .
　A brief survey of history about also demonstrates the fundamental importance of . , for example, . The same principle applies to common people as well, and I am sure everybody can benefit from .

    阐述现象类(1)
　It is a very eye-catching photo in which . What makes this picture extraordinary is , which clearly indicates .
　The sense of that permeates this picture is representative of , that is, , and therefore, . China, in particular, . The effect of such communication can be best exemplified by .
　While people belong to nations, cultures know no boundary. is not only featured by , but more importantly, by . I firmly believe that is contributing, and will contribute more to the world’s peace, development, and prosperity.

2020考研英语作文万能模板：36个万能句型
　　1. It is(has been)estimated that the world's population could reach 6 billion by the end of the century.

　　2. It must be pointed out that it is one of our basic State policies to control population growth while raising the quality of the population.

　　3. Upon hearing the unexpected news，he was so surprised that he couldn't utter a word.

　　4. It's hard to say whether the plan is practicable.

　　5. It must be kept in mind that there is no secret of success but hard work.

　　6. As the saying goes，nothing in the world is difficult for one who sets his mind to it.

　　7. As is known man is the product of labour.

　　8. It can be seen from this that there is no difficulty in the world we can overcome.

　　9. It seems certain that they have made a series of experiments.

　　10. It must be admitted that you haven't done what you promised to do.

　　11. It is certain that we have a long way to go.

　　12. It is clear that the enemy has no desire for peace.

　　13. It is hard to imagine how Edison managed to work twenty hours each

　　14. There is no doubt that you will be helped by others if you have any difficulties.

　　15. It is said that bats have been using radar for millions of years.

　　16. To tell the truth，many mistakes we made could have been avoided.

　　17. As we know，it was not until recently that the problem was solved.

　　18. In my opinion，this computer is different from that one you saw.

　　19. All this shows that nothing can prevent us from reaching our aims.

　　20. As far as we know，it took him more than a year to write the book.

　　21. It has been proved that every substance，no matter what it is，made up of atoms.

　　29. It is true that we must redouble our efforts;otherwise we cannot catch up with the developed countries.

　　30. I take it for granted that they will support this idea. I regard it as natural that they will agree to this idea.

　　31. In a certain sense ， a successful scientist is a person who is never satisfied with what he has achieved.

　　32. It is a common saying that man who has a settled purpose will surely succeed.

　　33. The oceans do not so much divide the world as unite it.

　　34. It can be said that without knowledge of science and technology，it is impossible to build socialist modernizations.

　　35. There is no denying the fact that the new management method has greatly increased the production.

　　36. Now in China，more and more families can afford to buy high-grade goods，such as washing machines，TV sets，videocorders.
　　　　
